hey guys welcome to an unboxing video
for the crystal white PlayStation 3
limited edition bundle and I guess this
is being pegged as the super slim ps3
I'm not quite sure maybe it's the ultra
slim ps3 regardless it's the new
redesigned PlayStation 3 it comes in
white and it has 500 gigabytes which is
pretty hefty now I do have a PlayStation
3 slim which I got last year or maybe it
was like a year and a half ago and as of
right now that is being used in our
living room for basically watching
blu-ray movies that's our 3d blu-ray
players so I figured I might as well go
ahead and splurge and get a new system I
love the way this looks I've never had a
white PlayStation 3 before so I'm pretty
excited about that
so let's look at the box here sorry
about the glare but yeah this is really
being pegged for people that don't have
PlayStation 3 PlayStation 3 and it's a
really good value because you get one
full year of PlayStation Plus which is a
really good service I know a lot of
people compared Xbox Live and you know
PlayStation Plus but I definitely think
the PlayStation Plus service is really
really good they give you free games
every month there's just a lot of good
content that's available for you to
download so yeah you get a full year of
PlayStation Plus and then these three
games are already downloaded onto the
console I think I'm not quite sure but
yeah it's Ratchet and Clank all for one
a little big planet 2 and infamous 2 and
I already have all three of these games
but you know whatever no big deal and
plus you know since you are getting a
PlayStation Plus membership there are
plenty of other games to download great
Vita games are available to download for
free I mean it's really good stuff on
the side here you have I guess an
advertisement for the new wireless
headset it's pretty cool I had the old
one and that works just fine
and on the back here it's nothing too
special just showing you some
screenshots of all for one little big
planning to infamous 2 and then it shows
you the console itself so let's get this
opened and see what this thing actually
looks like so I got the outer box out of
the way and of course Sony packed a box
inside of a box so we'll go ahead and
open this up see what this white ps3
looks like now in the box it kind of
looks a little grayish I'm not quite
sure that's actually the case but here
is a beautiful white PlayStation 3
controller to the DualShock 3 so it has
that Rumble looks really good for some
reason it looks a little different than
my dual shot I don't know maybe I don't
have a dual shock 3 but this looks good
and then we have some good old cords
here I guess this is the power cable and
right here you have USB cable so that
you can charge up your controller and
your headset or whatever other
accessories you may have and
unfortunately we have composite cables
you know you would think that Sony would
box in at least component cables so we
could play in HD but I guess that's up
to us
actually I think I have an extra HDMI
cable so I'm gonna be playing in HD
regardless and now we'll get to the good
stuff this won't be it this is I guess
it's just some pamphlets or whatever
yeah nothing too exciting this is the
PlayStation Plus membership and I won't
show you that code
that would just be ridiculous and try to
pull this out here get rid of this
packaging and here we go here is the
super slim white PlayStation 3 and just
like I thought this is gray
this is grayish right here and this is
all white it's nice and glossy looks
really really good
everything is basically pretty much the
same on the side here you have a little
PlayStation logo I know a lot of people
say it looks like your grill and yes it
kind of does this is really weird but I
still think it looks really cool looks
really nice down here you have your two
USB ports Sony right there and flip it
over and it's all pretty much the same
thing yeah nothing too different here
HDMI ACN you got your AV multi-out yeah
all the same stuff that we've seen on
the PlayStation 3 before I guess the
only difference let's take this tape off
here would be the fact that this thing
is no longer motorized you basically
slide it out like that to put your game
in then you can do that to close it up
I think there's yeah there's a button
here as well that does it so don't do it
automatically but you also have that
option of doing it manually it's pretty
good so if this thing craps out I don't
have to worry about a disk being stuck
in my PlayStation 3 and then you have
your own button right there your power
button so that's the limited edition
crystal white PlayStation 3 super slim
ultra slim whatever it's called I can't
recommend this enough for those of you
especially for those of you out there
that don't have a PlayStation 3 this is
a great
value it retails for $299 and you get a
full year of PlayStation Plus you get
three games that are already pre-loaded
onto the console I mean it's just a
great value for anyone that's interested
so I want to thank all of you guys for
watching this video and I'll check you
next time